flask of the frost wyrm
flask of endless rage
flask of stoneblood
titanium bar
indestructible potion
eternal shadow
oily blackmouth
elixir of mighty thoughts
frostweave cloth
wildvine
felcloth
lesser healing potion
runic mana potion
greater planar essence
netherweave cloth
greater healing potion
crystallized water
purple lotus
bruiseweed
arcane dust
tiger lily
crystallized fire
major healing potion
potion of speed
potion of wild magic
lichbloom
pygmy oil
adder's tongue
imbued vial
icethorn
frost lotus
goldclover
crystallized life
eternal life
deadnettle
elixir of accuracy
lesser planar essence
eternal fire
eternal water
chaotic skyflare diamond
skyflare diamond
potent monarch topaz
monarch topaz
runed scarlet ruby
scarlet ruby
purified twilight opal
twilight opal
potion of speed
potion of wild magic
lichbloom
frostweave cloth
infinite dust
greater cosmic essence
dream shard
eternal belt buckle
titansteel bar
titansteel spellblade
mageweave cloth
rough stone
copper bar
coarse stone
linen cloth
bronze bar
heavy stone
moss agate
wool cloth
medium leather
steel bar
solid stone
mithril bar
mageweave cloth
dense stone
thorium bar
runecloth
fel iron bar
mote of earth
mote of fire
netherweave cloth
adamantite bar
cobalt bar
frostweave cloth
crystallized water
crystallized earth
crystallized fire
borean leather
eternal shadow
saronite bar
liferoot
blackmouth oil
briarthorn
bruiseweed
elixir of greater defense
fadeleaf
goldclover
goldthorn
greater healing potion
kingsblood
lesser invisibility potion
lichbloom
liferoot
major troll's blood elixir
nature protection potion
oily blackmouth
runic mana potion
stranglekelp
swiftness potion
swiftthistle
swim speed potion
wild steelbloom
elixir of water walking
elixir of mighty thoughts
fish feast
glacial salmon
rockfin grouper
smoked rockfin
elemental earth
earthstorm diamond
skyfire diamond